Added notes to Deepxde section and minor changes on github.rst (#81)
pescap/EasyHPC: docs/source/deepxde.rst

DeepXDE
=======

> Phisics Informed Neural Netwoeks vs Finite Element Method 

Reviewer: check spelling

=======

> Phisics Informed Neural Networks vs Finite Element Method 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Physics-Informed Neural Networks (PINNs) vs Finite Element Method (FEM)
```

.. image:: ~Image/RedNeuronal.png

> As shown in the figure, the layer of neurons is represented with a nonlinear transformation. In each layer shown in figure 1, the network uses the same activation function (nonlinear transformation in figure 2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As shown in the figure, the layer of neurons is represented with a non-linear transformation. In each layer shown in Figure 1, the network uses the same activation function (non-linear transformation in Figure 2).
```
